Updated Python's references to be the official docs instead of Dive Into Python. (#17353)
django/django: docs/intro/index.txt

    `list of Python resources for non-programmers`_

    If you already know a few other languages and want to get up to speed with

>     Python quickly, we recommend `Python documentation`_. If that's not quite your
>     style, there are many other `books about Python`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Python quickly, we recommend referring to the official `Python
    documentation`_, which provides comprehensive and authoritative information
    about the language, as well as links to other resources such as a list of
    `books about Python`_.
```

Author: I have accepted the suggestion (omitting `/3/`), thank you :)

Reviewer: Hey @The-Amoghavarsha, I don't see my suggestion applied, would you know what happened? Thanks!

Author: Oops, I'm extremely sorry! I thought it was edited already. It seems like `it has been edited outside the commit`. Is there any way to do it easily?

Reviewer: @The-Amoghavarsha I still don't see the changes I suggested, do you think you could incorporate those? Thanks!

    .. _python: https://www.python.org/
    .. _list of Python resources for non-programmers: https://wiki.python.org/moin/BeginnersGuide/NonProgrammers

>     .. _Python documentation: https://docs.python.org/3/

Reviewer: I would leave the `/3/` out and point to the docs' root, in case this changes at some point in the future:
```suggestion
    .. _Python documentation: https://docs.python.org/
```

Author: Oh, that's very much possible, if Python decides to have v4 (not very soon though). Well, anyway, `https://docs.python.org/` redirects to `https://docs.python.org/3/`. I think it (`/3/`) could be omitted.
